This is a head-gum original.
What happened last half hour?
Just a series of unfortunate mistakes.
Honestly, it's a miracle that I'm here, but you guys will never know the real reason.
You could tell us?
No, because it's like oddly personal.
Really?
So I'd write it up.
I'd write it up.
But it's like, oh my god, if you guys knew the real story,
you're like, holy shit, you've gots.
Can you give us any hint?
What do you mean like incredibly private?
More than just private?
Yeah, oh yeah, that's like globally private.
That'd be like my personal account.
It's personal and it's private.
If that makes it.
But it's global.
It only lasted 18 minutes though.
No, no way longer than that.
That's the crazy part.
How much longer before 10 am?
Like my day started at like eight.
And like the five.
Whatever happened happened in two hours and 18 minutes.
It's probably a world record.
How?
And you don't want us to know or you don't want it to be reported.
I can't tell you.
What does that mean?
Just everything got pushed and pushed, pushed.
It sounds like you just.
Don't want to explain why you relate.
And Lucas outside after bringing back it.
I'm not even done.
Like whatever it is, I'm not done.
The dog.
Oh.
Sounds like that.
Like needed to let it go.
I can still hear you.
What's funny, too, is that he was like my day started at like,
and he thought of the earliest possible time.
And he said, Jim, eight.
Oh my god.
He's been up for so long.
Is that so, that's to go out tomorrow?
Oh.
Are we acknowledging how early it is and how different all of this sounds
first thing in the morning?
Yeah.
Eight AM.
Day after Christmas.
Oh.
Um.
It is earlier than normal but that's why we got to bring that
certain faith?
Not energy.
Faith.
The next 40 minutes or so, we'll go well.
Against all odds, against all Brad's efforts.
Did you know that the song you played?
I was just gonna say.
And faith.
George Michael.
That's right.
I saw it.
I guess he could say, let's wait.
Let's wait.
Nice.
Yeah, nice.
We're gonna get into some shit.
All right.
Use what I realized over the holiday.
How are we gonna holiday?
holiday.
We can't.
Any week ends a holiday if you take Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday off.
Are you traveling?
I was fucking floundering is what I was doing.
More than traveling my text.
That's one text.
You also texted me at 5.10 a.m.
Where were you?
I was in fucking New York, who's eight, ten.
Where are you just in New York?
Then you flew back, and then you flew back to New York?
You wanted to have a personal matter.
It was for personal matter.
Well, love to know.
It is.
It's for Moril.
Right, sorry about that.
Oh man.
Four minutes back.
Got it.
I woke up in a notebook.
10 a.m.
It's 6.30 in the goddamn morning.
It's not.
Really?
Yeah, it's 10.21.
It's still early for the show.
Usually this is really an afternoon show.
This is like four p.m.
So that everybody can go have a drink afterwards.
All right, Brad.
How many cold brews have you had today?
I had a leftover one, and it's from here to here.
That's it.
I will say, I'm here.
This isn't.
It's not a big deal, but I feel like if you were on time,
his energy would have been completely different.
I think it would have been like.
It would have been sour.
He's acting out.
And I don't know if he's hangry or cranberry,
which is cranky and hangry, but something is not correct.
I thought it was cranberry and hangry.
So I'm a hangry and four.
Cragu, which is cranberry, ragu.
And you have a UTI.
That's absolutely correct.
So that's why I'm having red sauce Italian,
but the red is cran.
Yeah.
Oh, the red is crayon.
And my shirt is crayon.
Oh, that's good.
Would you guys do the last weekend for the holiday?
Or not?
Because it could have been normal.
It could have been you having faith, the faith, the faith.
That this was the last weekend was.
Oh, fuck.
There was no holiday weekend.
It was like so long ago, also.
It was a dream.
It was a fucking dance.
Dance.
Fourth.
It was a delicate balance.
No.
September.
But the 15th, 16th and 17th.
And 18th, 19th, 20th.
If you took those days off, I didn't take those days.
What if we, yeah, what if we didn't?
Then how is your fucking normal ass weekend?
Which is less interesting, by the way.
It's way more interesting to say why weren't you in work
from Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
Didn't Limbisket cover that song?
Cragu, got a happy day.
That's enough.
If you don't like me at my best, you won't like me at Fred Durst.
What?
Are you?
Basically.
No, not you.
What are you?
Because it's not normal.
That was pretty.
Pire for the course.
Yeah, pun about, like, I'm a biscuit.
Seems like it's sort of like in line.
Like if you were in a right for the show.
Yeah, exactly.
Because you have to admit it, the host's voice.
Yeah.
Sorry, the dog's going.
Barbara Durst.
That's, I don't know what that means.
That's part of, like, the worst.
We're now back on a zoom back.
Because what it would be in the style is a fucking rabbit.
Brought.
Worst.
Okay.
Do we have to translate to everyone who doesn't live near downtown LA now
or we just leave that reference for everybody to not understand.
No, I got it.
On you.
Okay.
I literally don't got it.
And she lives in LA.
So, I mean, that's not the people won't get it.
I have no idea what he's talking about.
It's a miracle that Brad knew what he was like about.
This is fun, huh?
Not really.
It's a fun thought place called Worst Cooch in downtown.
And they sell, like, weird or exotic animals as sausages.
For example, rattlesnake and rabbit.
So Jeff said Durst Cooch, which is Fred Durst.
Right.
This part I've now got.
Yeah.
But the sausages are Brad.
What is on in your old CRT TV?
Uh, it's the haunted mask.
Goose bumps.
Okay.
And that's not just that.
Brad is living a lifestyle.
None of us could ever touch.
Not really.
I mean, he has that shelf for my key that everyone owns.
Wow.
Yeah.
I mean, it is for my key.
Everyone owns it.
It's a low cost and decent craftsmanship.
It's for sure.
But I'm just to do, which is holding stuff on it.
It's always talking about it's a great.
The background itself is that it's time.
I want this show.
You bring it up.
I think it better.
On you said Brad is living a life.
None of us can understand or imagine the background.
I said.
I can have that.
I can make it a little less.
I can have that background in a week.
And.
My defense.
I was mostly talking about like waking up in the morning.
Choosing a VHS.
Popping it in.
You want to talk about an unattainable life.
I think that's not.
I might want to talk to Tory.
That's 40 dollars.
It's.
But what I want to talk about is on your attainable.
Which is actually unattainable.
Because.
Look how many can't allow her.
She has.
I only have three.
Right.
She's fucking.
He's still.
That's three is still.
Original painting.
She said from a gun store.
We should be there.
It's also sells money.
Yeah.
I used to live in the country.
That's.
That's a new.
That's a new background for Jeff.
Are you at home?
Or are you somewhere else?
It's not a new background.
I put up art between the last time you were on the show.
And now.
You haven't been on the zoom episodes that we've done.
You haven't watched the episodes.
Thanks a lot.
By the way, because in all the ad reads.
You've seen the gallery well that I put up.
It's all fine.
It's all there.
So this is your place in LA.
Because you gotta have faith.
Hey.
Brad was.
That was the careless, careless, rice paper.
That's got legs.
So you're like me.
I don't know.
That's got legs.
I want to say that as your subordinate.
By the way.
That it has legs.
Yeah.
I'm is sub.
It's careless, rice paper.
Let's work on it.
Let's workshop it.
There are no bad ideas.
No idea.
What else?
Yeah.
Look how we use rice paper.
Jeff.
This is an A and B.
Amir and Brad.
Comprehensive.
Yeah.
It's not on yet.
And on yet.
So yeah.
She got it.
Why don't you G.
She got your way out.
G. Why don't you get out of here, based G.
C.
Yes.
Exactly.
I would propose you've got to have rice.
Is easy.
That's good.
It's an easier win.
Because you've got to have rice.
Rice.
It would be.
Because you've got to burn rice.
I just started to hop in here.
Yeah.
Yes.
Car.
Rice.
Yeah.
That's great.
Great.
I did.
I was looking at like a.
A cereal.
Box ingredients.
And it said the first ingredient was parboiled rice.
Parboiled brown rice.
No.
And I left about an hour and a half.
What cereal?
Or maybe it wasn't cereal.
It was like rice chips or something.
Yeah.
Maybe actually just a bag of rice.
It was actually just parboiled brown rice.
Yeah.
That was didn't ingredient.
It didn't say that on there.
Anyone.
Kind of was.
No.
I do want to get to something.
I feel like this.
This show is straight.
Maybe too far away from what it was originally, which was like an in-house.
Movement in a way of like the inner workings of the network.
You know, like asking people how things were going from the inside out.
Whether or not they were being turned to us.
So I thought we could all talk about what's going on at the network for real.
Right.
Energy just took such a nose dive.
Does anyone here actually know?
I feel like we're not really involved.
In the news video.
For sure.
It's a big, new-ish thing.
Yeah.
It's sort of a thrown together piece together.
thread bear.
Vizage.
It's a desert morage.
I think God Agnes not on the zoom because she would be really upset that you said that.
I would be.
I didn't know you were that wrong.
Instead we have on your zero on her ultra personality.
Yeah.
Who loves Jeff and doesn't.
And it's fine with everything he says.
Dark.
Yeah.
Blonde.
Dark Brandon.
On yes, thanks.
I really didn't know you were involved with that studio.
Why?
Deep.
What's my title?
Producer.
Studio manager.
Yeah.
Exactly.
Because you think wasn't involved.
Fucking a producer on the.
Rook and show.
Peter.
Who?
I don't know.
Someone unknown to me.
It looks fine.
I just wanted to like say it looked bad.
Because that feels better than giving praise.
It's always easier.
Did you prepare questions about this?
Yes.
I did.
Let's hear.
It's more like based on y'all's individual performance.
But I thought it would be a springboard to talk about further issues.
Fair.
Fine with me.
What goals slash deliverables are y'all least proud of?
What goals am I least proud of?
Probably growing and monetizing the network.
Because it's very shallow.
Okay.
Now we're getting somewhere.
So the goal is to grow the network.
Yes.
But he's not proud of that.
I just haven't quite seen that happening from your ass in the last year.
2021 was great.
Pretty big shows.
Yeah.
Brad, what are your goals?
Deliverables are you least proud of?
I don't know.
Increasing ad revenue.
You should be proud of that though.
Yeah.
I should be proud of that.
We are doing well.
I guess I do have a lot to be proud of.
Really good answer from Brad on you.
Thanks, man.
I'm going to go with deliverable.
I'm least proud of.
I bought.
I decided to save the company money and I bought a less good.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
It's worth keeping up onlyable dates.
Okay.
People didn't fight.
I would pay him.
So they answer your question, kind of saving the company money buying a lesser quality
tape.
That's my big accumulation, 20, 20, 30.
Would you say that your biggest gap?
I, I would.
I should have said.
Yeah.
Is that the kind of stuff you wanted to hear about?
Moving on, moving on you?
What can I do to help so much, okay, so better meet your goals?
Yeah.
We don't really have to ask.
This is the real, right?
This is a real crux of the episode at this point.
Don't ask us about our goals and stuff.
It's mostly just, it's only question two, you're saying it's the crux of the whole fucking
thing.
Yeah, that's like a big one.
This is a warm up.
And this is my favorite game of momma.
We could stop recording and kind of like really get into it.
If that's, if you're opening the door for that, baby, I, I really, we gotta take
a break.
Just kidding.
Like, Grammy Award-winning R&B artist Bridget Kelly and Media personality.
Mandi B.
Every week, Bridget and Mandi offer grown, honest, and slightly toxic perspectives on all
things Music, Bob culture and, of course, dating in relationships.
Ideally, dating in LA.
Do you have a hard time finding your music?
Are you a millennial who misses what life was like in the odds?
Are you interested in multiple perspectives on relationships in dating?
Are you interested in a non-male bashing podcast that holds all sex as accountable?
See the thing is, is a podcast that allows space for a wide range of thoughts and emotions?
Most recently, the ladies have sat down with Ari Lennox, Big Fridia, Remi Ma, and Neo.
So I would recommend checking out the Neo episode.
Join Bridget and Mandy every week as they update you on everything going on in the world
with their polarizing hot takes.
Subscribe to see the thing is on Spotify, Apple Podcasts, or on YouTube.
New episodes drop every Tuesday and Friday.
Check it out!
Jesus man, we are back, we're so back, the show is on the level all of a sudden.
I have a little bit of a talent taste in my mouth.
Really?
Yeah, like I feel like I'm dying.
I'm not taste metal.
We have new sounds, we have new energy.
Why are they turned up so high?
That's it, they're not turned up to any degree, that's just what they're mixed at.
You can't watch their exported levels on them.
I, would you want me to, no, because if I download the sounds and then I bring them down,
it'll still be peaking just at negative 6 dB, right?
So it'll still be grading the here, it'll still be, it won't take us.
Yeah, but it won't be as loud.
So what?
Grace is going to mix it down at some point.
That's actually worse because I feel like people don't understand why we're having
the reaction.
They're having.
I watched an episode recently where we all like, you know, and everyone must be
like, what is wrong with these people that they can't handle?
You got to talk to Ferris Vanche, I mean, he revolutionized the bringing down of the levels
that were high when that was recorded.
He left because he didn't want to work on your show anymore.
Really?
Yes.
That's what he said.
Yeah.
Was it because I made a song parody about pegging him?
I didn't help.
They didn't know.
But actually to answer your question from earlier, you shouldn't do things like that.
I shouldn't, yeah, talk about having or halving other employees.
Next segment.
I think next segment time.
Just because there's two ads.
Yeah.
What jobs responsibilities and tasks do you guys enjoy most?
And what do you least enjoy?
You're looking at it, baby.
But you're all.
And for least enjoy?
It's just going to be so hard to go back to work.
No one's going to understand why the three of us are the way we are for the rest of the day.
I go into the office and people are going to think something bad happened to me.
I think if you just say, I did the head come podcast this morning.
It will be like, oh, God.
I did the head come podcast this morning.
I'm here with 10 minutes late.
And that set jet off in a way that I've never.
I knew you were going to go to the office.
I mean, it's free lunch day.
What am I going to not go in?
No, that's good.
What are we thinking?
Has there been a slack message about it?
No, it always happens like where did the last minute.
And usually I'm kind of like driving in at that moment hoping to get the free lunch.
Hope yeah.
Needle.
Oh, God.
I'd be leaving this fucking podcast instantly.
I'd be early.
I'd be on a fucking plane today.
Sure.
Fun.
Sorry.
Sure.
Fun.
Sorry.
One second.
Okay.
He said that twice.
Now a monster made out of a new show.
What do you think we should have, Brad?
It's never up to me.
My choice is good.
I don't know.
It seems like everyone is thrown out a lot.
I've never been to an air wand before, but it just seems overpriced.
It's not even.
I really liked.
I did stop at Needle last time I was in.
I enjoyed it.
You had to.
Because you were like, why is the mayor talking about this all the time?
Yeah.
But it's hard to eat there by yourself.
Because you want to get a bunch of stuff and share.
Yeah.
We just get one dish.
There's a food truck, right?
Oh, Simone.
Oh, yeah.
That's what I stopped at.
I didn't stop at Needle.
That's right.
You got it from the news.
You got a fish taco.
Yeah.
I got a fish taco.
Those are great, right?
I got ceviche, actually.
It was awesome.
That's our good.
And so this is all in response to what responsibilities and tasks you enjoy most.
No, the answer is like a noodle, dim sum, please.
Sorry.
Wait for that.
Why were you?
What's up?
Where'd you go?
The management company of this building is trends.
I think they're trying to sell the building.
So they're doing inspection follow up.
Actually.
You're getting infected.
Right.
You put up a gallery.
Now that's viral content.
Here's the thing.
If they sell the building, they have to pay us to leave.
So you just got in.
That's what I'm going to do.
And I'm going to make out with a bunch of cash.
Ideally, 12 gram.
I would take 12 gram for sure.
But I'll take as high as 500.
Do you guys sell that?
As high as 500?
That was it.
What's that?
Do you guys know about cars?
Like no.
Is he picks our movie?
Or the cops.
Like cars in the shop and their text can be bad.
But I don't know how to respond.
You say nice.
Excuse me.
That's awesome.
But the greatest to the wheel brother.
They have questions for me.
And I definitely look exactly.
Okay.
So like read out the questions that they've asked.
Hey, I'm here.
I was just told by the production manager.
That it looks like it's time to place the mate.
That's my job.
We have the same job.
That's crazy.
Yeah.
I'm being you.
I'm being you is what you should text them back.
So I haven't started with the.
I was just told by the production manager.
That it looks like it's time to replace the main battery.
Looks like not enough.
Yeah.
Not enough juice to learn.
Not enough juice to run the.
Well, calibration on your card.
You want to realize that.
You want to talk about a pocket.
And if you want dealer battery or after market.
Please advise.
Let's go top of the line after market.
And can daddy get a discount?
The dealer battery is 275 after market.
Battery is 195.
Who would say 275 in this world?
I don't know.
Because like maybe.
I guess Marty.
Sorry.
Good.
Just.
Marty would definitely get there.
Go with the cheaper option.
Battery is a battery.
Yeah.
Battery is not the thing you need to be built by the fucking manufacturer.
There's a lot of other stuff.
They're giving it.
This is like actual advice.
No one's even making jokes.
Yeah.
I'm going.
I was pouring at the same.
What's that?
Most boring.
Sorry.
We've ever done.
Well, it's actually helpful.
For you.
Yeah.
All right.
Let's move on.
I asked if it was going to be done on the same timeline or like the ones in stock.
Yeah.
No.
Because you see what happens here is like.
This is why I'm always like it's a fucking sophisticated task.
I mean the show.
People like to think it's a sophisticated task to guess.
But I'm like working up against your guys' asses.
Right?
Because you.
You were like.
I.
You're pushing up.
I was up by our asses.
Up.
Like, I'm here with like, oh, like, do you guys know anything about cars?
And it's like, oh, here's a new topic.
And then he's like.
And then I try to turn it into a bit.
I try to be like.
Read out the texts from the dealer and I'll respond as you.
And I try to make it funny.
And then instead, Brad responds honestly on your response.
Honestly, a mirror just powers through doesn't respond it all in a funny way.
Like, this is a comedy podcast.
Or is this an advice podcast?
Because I have a lot of advice to do a lot to other people on how to be good.
How to be good.
I think it's a comedy podcast, not an advice podcast.
So why don't you give me something to fucking work with?
Let's give me something to talk about.
He did.
Faith.
What do you like least about your current role and when?
I'm here.
Is that your answer?
Are you telling me to talk?
Both.
That's your answer.
Moving on to you.
I guess I don't like administrative Zoom meetings where I'm not being as creative
I'm being more like managerial.
He's talking about this one.
I also don't like telling people know if they're like, we want to be on head
gun.
This is our show.
And we obviously can't take everybody's podcasts.
So a lot of times.
Not me personal.
But yeah, we have to like, as a diver.
Have to let people down.
We should divert as many resources as possible to this show.
So it's like we have to say no to people with.
I was going to say dead battery.
This show is basically training us.
You're a dead battery of a man.
You're at it.
Like I'm holding Jeff.
Oh, another Jeff.
Guys, I'm holding two Jeffs.
I'm not.
I'm possible.
I'm one of a kind.
Just joking.
Yeah.
Well, I didn't land as a joke.
It landed as that's how you really feel.
And that's not bad.
Brad just went second.
I appreciate your support in this room.
I'm not.
That's the view at all.
A mirror.
That hit me in my archetypal center.
I know I might not recover from.
I don't think you're using that word correctly.
I don't think so either.
I think I appreciate the support from you on.
Yeah.
But it wasn't me in this moment.
That wasn't all right with me.
I don't care about you, dude.
I like it when you've got a smile.
But like you bring that to the podcast.
And it's not happy.
That's what I'm doing right now.
Yeah.
I'm sacrificing you for the better good at the show.
My least favorite thing about my role is that I don't get to be there with you guys.
Then move.
He can't look at all that stuff.
Yeah.
I got all this shit.
I won't go win it.
Um.
What are two to three things I could do to differently slash better manage.
You.
You don't.
Say that again.
On you said.
Speak to that a little more.
Can you guys sort of ask about that?
Speak on again.
So that would actually explain a lot if you thought you were our manager the whole time.
Is that what it's like?
That's true.
It's not true.
And it would explain why you think it's okay not to respond to like our slacks and text.
Yeah.
You know, hosts.
Right?
They're usually like the fucking boss.
No.
She me fall and paying all of his writers.
Right?
Drew Barry.
You are that you are making good.
Connections.
Like if you're like anyone.
At head gum.
You're the Jimmy Fallon of this place.
They're the Jimmy Fallon of head gum.
Yeah.
People are saying good.
I sort of bring joy instead of like alcoholism.
You're like the sober Jimmy Fallon.
That's worse.
He adds that, you know, he's struggling with something.
You're saying, I'm fine.
And I still create a toxic environment.
Well, we didn't find.
Amir, I really appreciate the support.
Why?
I haven't said anything to support you.
Silence is complicity.
Sacrifice is fate.
Silence is fullicity.
That's good.
But we're not all the way to know what that is.
Do you even remember how big of a deal it was when fullicity cut our hair
or were you like four at the time?
I don't know what you're that was.
Exactly.
I don't know what that was.
I tell us ass.
And he was like season three of fullicity.
So when was that?
Carry Russell cut her hair.
Her hair kind of looked like Jeff's and then she cut it.
And she looked bad.
It was a big deal.
Wasn't there what I think?
That would have been 2001.
So I would have been, yeah, four.
You guys remember the Rachel?
Oh, my God.
I had that.
I had a Bob with layers.
From my barber Bob.
And he basically gave me the Rachel.
Before he really laid.
He opened up over years.
Last years.
Can I get the Rachel?
Says a mirror.
Um.
Or would we beat who are we on friends?
On friends?
I mean, I'm obviously Chandler, right?
No.
Joey.
Because you're a fucking idiot.
A lady's mom.
He's a lot.
Yeah, you're housing.
Cran.
Everything's on Ross.
But I'm probably Chandler.
You're like a Ross Chandler, hybrid.
I think you're Joey.
Wait.
Who's Joey?
Jeff is Joey.
He's a dumb ass.
No, you're a dumb ass.
Joey would think someone's the Joey when he's the Joey.
Jeff, honestly.
You even show up to the record.
Jeff.
I missed her heckles.
The neighborhood.
He's ugly naked guy.
I mean, this.
Since really not even making a joke.
Jeff, you would be Phoebe.
No, I'm that sucks.
No, Phoebe's great.
You know.
I don't think that's.
This is not that I had no negative or positive connotations.
Yeah.
Listen.
Because he's spiritual.
Don't ever speak on me or my faith, the faith, the faith.
Uh, it's not really faith.
I have a question.
Why?
How come you haven't done any of your regular segments today?
That's fine.
Can go bond to the week.
Do you want to do bond to the week?
We can fucking make it up as we go.
But usually we have, we play in the cell.
I just feel like sometimes like you need a disruptor week where we don't do any of the
normal stuff.
Truly, I was laying awake nights this weekend, this holiday weekend,
being like, we haven't actually talked about the network for years.
Right?
We haven't done a state of the gum.
We haven't done a.
Is that a thing you used to do?
Yeah, you don't even know what it is because if we stop doing it before
you started here two years ago.
So let's.
Are people asking for it back, though?
People within the network specifically Marie.
Sound off below.
Do you want state of the gum back?
And smash that like button while you're at it.
That's a good point.
Oh, subscribe.
What's actually happening in the front?
Sure, with a front, with a front.
We're not allowed to talk about the fucking recapture, sorry.
We're completely not allowed to talk about it.
What does that mean?
It's out.
It's all out.
So then what's there to talk about?
Yeah, let's talk about another show on this podcast.
Yeah, I just, I guess.
Just fucking plugging other things with the network, trying to like foster cash.
Well, technically that's not a head-ghost.
Foster cash.
It's what I heard for reading.
So what's the most exciting signing recently?
Two head-gum and not some bullshit that Katie put together.
Bullshit.
She could pull the plug on you so fast.
Really?
She signs your checks, babe.
You can't be doing that.
You'll never hear that because she doesn't listen to the show.
True.
But I'll play it for her.
No, because she sort of holds my feet to the fire on a weekly basis.
Yeah.
Whether she reaches out or not.
Because when she doesn't.
She wants nothing to do with you.
So I'd say, add her it's harder.
We got some exciting new developments happening in October.
But I don't want to say them yet.
Because this episode comes out Friday, September 22nd.
Was that in 12 hours?
Anything happening in the next 12 hours?
Yeah.
We have for you to have a busy time editing this, right?
As soon as the sense.
I don't think anything's going to get cut so far.
It's all been at the very least bronze.
What about that one thing you said?
That's gone.
The other thing you said.
No, nothing is going to get cut.
No.
Um, we have a new show called Fusballs.
Oh, yeah.
The fantasy football podcast.
Yes.
The fantasy football.
Bending on sports.
Sounds awful.
I have to come on, man.
No.
I appreciate it.
But it's a great show.
If you're into betting on sports.
Amir likes that.
That's why this show that has probably.
I mean, how many listeners does it have?
400.
This show?
Yeah.
The Hedigan podcast?
No.
Fusball.
Oh.
Balls.
Probably more than the Hedigan podcast.
Yeah.
Definitely.
Because they like funny hosts and famous guests and stuff like that.
Add to Paul Shear was on this episode.
Yeah.
I get to share on this show.
Can you imagine wasting Paul Shear's time with this show?
I could easily describe.
I couldn't live with myself.
You can't live with yourself now.
You said that there was like a two and a half hour ordeal from 8 a.m.
To the start of this show.
It seemed house related or not.
I think it was for sure.
I think it was crafting a text to the mechanic.
I haven't heard back about.
Should we call him?
Did you send it?
I can't believe it.
Which mechanic did you get given to?
A caliber collision.
Oh.
They're good.
Are they?
I really need to take my truck into the shop because it's been falling apart at the
seas because people keep bumping into the bombs.
It's funny.
No one knows about the car.
It's like a car.
It's like that is like fucked up.
It's so fucking hot.
True.
I really tried.
I thought we had 33 minutes of good shit.
And then the last six minutes has been nonsense.
Nothing else.
Why don't you have a mic stand?
I did.
I had a mic arm but it doesn't attach to this table.
It attached to my old desk that I had to sell because I don't have the space for it anymore.
Well, there's no possible way to fix that problem.
So I guess you just got to hold the mic forever now.
It's kind of a cool.
It's kind of a cool look.
It's just surprising choice.
For someone that like has a comedy podcast network to like, you know, we have mic
arms and mic sounds.
You ain't him.
You're not that guy.
I don't want you to love it.
Everyone look guys.
You're a dead double A.
You're a dead double A and hard bark.
Assid.
You're battery acid.
What else do I got to hear?
It's a prop comic now.
Another battery which you've already done.
No, that's for it's bees.
Battery.
Oh my god.
Everything tubular is energy to you.
That's a problem.
That's the problem.
Why do you hold that up when we were waxing?
If you're a prop comic, it's pretty good actually.
What if that were later?
Nope, because we already did it.
We already said it.
Here we go.
Last couple of questions.
Usually there's like different segments and like they're fun.
You never do segments when I'm on the show.
You think you can't handle it.
I've never gotten to play Jeff Erdy.
To be honest, I give segments to people who need it.
And I'm sorry for assuming that you could carry the show without a segment.
I mean, I think I'll stop doing that.
I'll stop.
I'll stop you doing.
Maybe you that surface.
I'll stop doing you that honor.
I'll start bringing my life for Jeff Erdy.
Which I usually do for guests who don't know the show.
So that they have a way.
You can dox them as efficiently as possible.
Hey.
The star of the show is here.
Look at the little guy.
Under by missing 40 every other tooth is gone.
He's beautiful.
He's he's good.
He's a good dog.
I really couldn't even make a joke.
I tried to.
But I can't.
There's no problem that I have.
I don't have any problem with Luke.
Well, he's been working the whole time.
So I thought if I brought him in here.
No, I can't hear the microphone.
Can you?
Imagine if you had a problem with his show.
What would that be?
He sniffed my crotch in front of a crowd.
Making it a fear like I hadn't shoured.
And that was fine with me.
I had.
Fucking.
How do you think your role helps the company succeed?
And then we'll go.
We got to just because it's 11.
We got to.
It's only been three minutes.
Fine.
That's unbelievable.
Yeah.
Going on.
Let's fucking get this over with this.
What about all that stuff?
Why don't you cut?
Brass.
Fucking.
What are you got?
Fuck this.
It's a TikTok song.
All right.
I'm trying to get younger.
You know, it's a TikTok song.
I really like is the Doja cat paint the town red song.
Doja.
Beautiful.
Yeah.
Exactly.
I said what I said.
I bet.
Debbie.
Famous.
Yes.
I feel like the way you put down Doja.
It was like D.O.
C.H.
Oh, Doja.
But just not how you pronounce her name.
I don't think.
Am I wrong?
Oh, he's muted.
I'm muted him to get through plugs.
But then Brad said we aren't plugging.
This is the first time I've ever felt like I'm not the one hosting the show.
It seems like Brad is.
So take it away.
Brad.
Okay.
Welcome back to the headgun podcast.
It's not a radio show.
Sorry.
One second.
On the internet.
Hosted by Get Free Jane.
I'm going to show this week.
We got it.
Don't get me.
Don't let her.
Don't get lost in the dust.
Don't.
Don't get off you because we got on.
Yeah.
That's pretty good.
Bring it up.
The frontal.
We've got it.
Yeah.
Let's start it off with everyone's favorite segment.
Should we start a quarter of the week?
What's that we're going to do?
Of course.
It's a segment where I'm talking about who is going to be cast as the new Harry Potter in the
Age of the Nation of Harry Potter.
Amir.
Who do you have for Potter of the week?
Ooh.
I'm going to go with.
Daniel.
Dale Lewis.
Why.
Sound by.
Yeah.
I connect to my Soundboard actually.
Jeff.
Can you have one?
I don't fucking know.
Do you have that?
Fine.
Soundboard for my podcast.
You don't do a podcast?
Yeah.
It's called podcast.
Launching soon.
Why is it not on headgun?
Because I am nobody.
Because we're busy making this show.
Yeah.
Well, now that I'm hosting this show, headgun podcast.
It's as I can't do screen sharing.
I'm going to do it right there.
That was a hit dumb original.